Case: BA-FY24
Form: 10-K
Section: Item 1A. Risk Factors
Input view: selected PDF physical pages 14, 15, 16, 17, 20, 21; printed page numbers are retained where detected.
The paragraph markers are harness locators; quoted evidence must still match the text exactly.

[PDF_PAGE 14 | PRINTED_PAGE 6]
[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P001]
Item 1A. Risk Factors

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P002]
An investment in our securities involves risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which
can materially affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These risk
factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with the other information in this report, including
“Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the
consolidated financial statements and related notes. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and
unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical
trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P003]
Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P004]
We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P005]
Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services.
The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and
cargo traffic. The principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are sustained economic growth
and political stability in both developed and emerging markets. Demand for our commercial aircraft is
further influenced by additional factors including airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, trade
policies, geopolitics, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, inflationary
pressures, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, sustainability-related preferences, environmental
regulations, and reputational factors. Historically, the airline industry has been cyclical and very
competitive and has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost
competitive. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally
or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for
aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or
payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our
contractual backlog. In addition, because our commercial aircraft backlog consists of aircraft scheduled
for delivery over a period of several years, any of these macroeconomic, industry or customer impacts
could affect deliveries over a long period.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P006]
We enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses, which
subjects us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable
escalation rate. Commercial aircraft sales contracts are typically entered into years before the aircraft
are delivered. In order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery
date, aircraft pricing generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas
derived from labor, commodity and other price indices. Our revenue estimates are based on current
expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of
our control. Escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period. Changes in escalation
amounts can significantly impact revenues and operating margins in our BCA business.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P007]
We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines. We can
make no assurance that any customer will exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase
commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. In addition, fleet decisions, airline
consolidations or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could
significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers.
Airlines also are experiencing increased fuel and other costs, and the global economy has experienced
and may continue to experience high inflation.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P008]
Our Commercial Airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production
system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to exacting specifications,

[PDF_PAGE 15 | PRINTED_PAGE 7]
[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P009]
achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop and certify new aircraft or new
derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P010]
The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration
with suppliers, highly-skilled labor performed by thousands of employees of ours and other partners,
and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. We have
experienced and may continue to experience production quality issues, including in our supply chain.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P011]
For example, as a result of the Alaska Airlines 737-9 accident in January 2024, the FAA investigated the
737 quality control system, including Spirit, and increased its oversight of our production and quality and
safety management systems. The FAA identified multiple instances where we and Spirit failed to comply
with manufacturing quality control requirements. As part of our plan to improve safety and quality and to
address the issues identified by the FAA, we slowed 737 production rates and delayed planned
production rate increases to reduce traveled work in our factory and at our suppliers. These actions
significantly impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows during the year ended
December 31, 2024, and are expected to continue to impact our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows as we work to increase production and improve factory performance.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P012]
The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives, such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10,
involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification and production schedules. We
are following the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification process, and the FAA will
ultimately determine the timing of certification and entry into service. There have been delays on each
of these development programs and if we experience additional delays in achieving certification, our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P013]
A number of our customers have contractual remedies, including compensation for late deliveries or
rights to reject individual airplane deliveries based on delivery delays. Delays on the 737, 777X and 787
programs have resulted in, and may continue to result in, customers having the right to terminate
orders, be compensated for late deliveries and/or substitute orders for other Boeing aircraft.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P014]
We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability and
implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability.
We have previously announced plans to adjust production rates on several of our commercial aircraft
programs. In addition, we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft,
including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity
improvements and optimizing how we manage inventory. If production rate changes at any of our
commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed or create significant disruption to our production
system, or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components that comply with design specifications to us
at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules
and/or the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P015]
Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft
programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new
aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. Our commercial
aircraft production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including delivery and/or
certification delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or
delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, results in additional out-of-sequence work
and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft
performance and/or increased warranty or fleet support costs. We and our suppliers are experiencing
supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor instability and inflationary pressures. We continue to
monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. These factors have and may continue to reduce
overall productivity and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

[PDF_PAGE 16 | PRINTED_PAGE 8]
[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P016]
If our commercial aircraft fail to satisfy performance and reliability requirements and/or potentially
required sustainability standards, we could face additional costs and/or lower revenues. Developing and
manufacturing commercial aircraft that meet or exceed our performance and reliability standards and/or
potentially required sustainability standards, as well as those of customers and regulatory agencies, is
costly and technologically challenging. These challenges are particularly significant with newer aircraft
programs. Any failure of any Boeing aircraft to satisfy performance or reliability requirements could
result in disruption to our operations, higher costs and/or lower revenues.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P017]
Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or acquisition priorities, as well as
significant delays in U.S. government appropriations, could negatively impact our business,
financial position and results of operations.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P018]
We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense
related programs with the United States Department of Defense (U.S. DoD) and contracts with other
government agencies, including NASA. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and
may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security threat
environment, U.S. national security strategy, U.S. foreign policy, the domestic political environment,
macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation such as
authorization and appropriations bills. The government may also constrain discretionary spending by
instituting enforceable spending caps.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P019]
The timeliness of annual appropriations for U.S. government departments and agencies remains a
recurrent risk. Congress may fund government departments and agencies with one or more continuing
resolutions, which could delay new programs or competitions and/or negatively impact the execution of
certain program activities. A lapse in appropriations for government departments or agencies would
result in a full or partial government shutdown, which could impact our operations. In the event of a
prolonged shutdown, requirements to furlough employees in the U.S. DoD, the Department of
Transportation, including the FAA, or other government agencies could result in payment delays, impair
our ability to deliver commercial airplanes or perform work on existing contracts, delays in the
certification of new aircraft or otherwise impact our operations, negatively impact future orders, and/or
cause other disruptions or delays. There is uncertainty regarding which government functions would
shut down or continue operations during a lapse in appropriations, and corresponding uncertainty
regarding the extent or magnitude of potential impacts to our operations. For additional information on
U.S. government appropriations and budgets, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – Additional Considerations – U.S. Government Funding” on page
31 of this Form 10-K.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P020]
In addition, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future acquisition priorities and program-
level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies (including NASA), including
changes to national security and defense priorities, and tension between modernization investments,
sustainment investments, and investments in new technologies or emergent capabilities. Future
investment priority changes or budget cuts, including changes associated with the authorizations and
appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or
programs or future program opportunities. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our
financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P021]
As a result of the significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to both U.S. defense spending and the
evolving nature of the national security threat environment, we also expect the U.S. DoD to continue to
emphasize affordability, innovation, cybersecurity and delivery of technical data and software in its
procurement processes, including the implementation of cybersecurity compliance requirements on the
Defense Industrial Base, for which the supply chain may not be fully prepared. If we and our suppliers
are unable to adjust to these changing acquisition priorities and policies, our revenues and market
share could be impacted.

[PDF_PAGE 17 | PRINTED_PAGE 9]
[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P022]
Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily
dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as
well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials and other components.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P023]
We rely on other companies, including U.S. and non-U.S. subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and
produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities and to
perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. Many of our suppliers are experiencing
inflationary pressures, as well as resource constraints and disruptions due to production quality issues,
global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors
continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be
unable to meet commitments to our customers and our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows may continue to be adversely impacted. In addition, if one or more of the raw materials on which
we depend (such as aluminum, titanium or composites) becomes unavailable to us or our suppliers, or
is available only at very high prices, including as a result of increased tariffs and trade restrictions, or
has quality issues or defects, we may be unable to deliver one or more of our products in a timely
fashion or at budgeted costs. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply. Any
service disruption from one of these suppliers, either due to circumstances beyond the supplier’s
control, such as geopolitical developments, or as a result of performance problems or financial
difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers or
increase our operating costs.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P024]
Some of our and our suppliers’ workforces are represented by labor unions. Work stoppages by
our employees have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Future work stoppages by our or
our suppliers’ employees could also adversely impact our business.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P025]
Approximately 58,000 employees, which constitute 34% of our total workforce, were union represented
as of December 31, 2024 under collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration
dates. As of December 31, 2024, we had 9 unions in the U.S. with 27 independent agreements and 18
employee representative bodies internationally, and we cannot predict how stable our union
relationships will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions’ requirements. On September 12,
2024, our contract with IAM 751, which represents over 30,000 Boeing manufacturing employees
primarily located in Washington state, expired and 96% of IAM 751 members voted to initiate a strike.
On November 4, 2024, members of IAM 751 voted to ratify a new contract, thereby ending the strike. As
a result of the strike, production of our commercial aircraft, other than the 787 production in Charleston,
and certain of our Defense, Space & Security products halted, adversely impacting our business and
financial position. Net cash used by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024, was
$12.1 billion and we expect further negative operating cash flows to continue in future quarters as we
work to ramp up production and deliveries. The new contract with IAM 751 and pay enhancements for
certain non-union employees is adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. We may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could adversely affect
our business.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P026]
The unions may also limit our flexibility in managing our workforce and operations. Union actions at
suppliers also affect us. Work stoppages and instability in our union relationships delay the production
and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and result in lower
revenues.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P027]
Competition within our markets and with respect to our products and services may reduce our
future contracts and sales.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P028]
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and one or more of our competitors may have
more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do

[PDF_PAGE 20 | PRINTED_PAGE 12]
[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P029]
Accounting Estimates – Accounting for Long-term Contracts/Program Accounting” on pages 49 - 51 and
Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 60 - 70 of this Form 10-K.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P030]
Our pending acquisition of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (Spirit) subjects us to various
risks and uncertainties, including risks that we may not complete the acquisition or realize the
anticipated benefits in the expected timeframe or at all.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P031]
On June 30, 2024, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement) to acquire
Spirit in an all-stock transaction that will include the assumption of Spirit's net debt at closing.
Completion of our acquisition of Spirit is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Merger
Agreement. On January 31, 2025, Spirit’s stockholders approved the Merger Agreement and the related
transactions. Some of the remaining conditions, such as certain regulatory approvals and the ability of
Spirit to enter into definitive agreements relating to the disposition of Spirit operations related to certain
Airbus commercial work packages and consummate the related transactions, are beyond our control,
which make the completion of our acquisition of Spirit (and the timing thereof) uncertain. In addition, if
Spirit or Boeing exercise certain termination rights included in the Merger Agreement, the acquisition
will not be consummated. Furthermore, the governmental authorities from which regulatory approvals
related to the acquisition are required may impose burdensome or unacceptable conditions on the
completion of the acquisition, require changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement, or prevent or
delay the consummation of the acquisition. If the acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business
may be adversely affected and we will be subject to a number of risks, including expenditure of time
and resources, negative reactions from stakeholders, and potential stock price fluctuations. If we are
successful in completing the acquisition, we will be subject to other risks, including those related to the
assumption of Spirit's net debt and other obligations at closing, which could adversely impact our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Difficulties in integrating Spirit may result in the
failure to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisition (including anticipated synergies and quality
improvements) in the expected timeframe or at all, as well as operational challenges, the diversion of
management’s attention from other ongoing business concerns, and unforeseen expenses, which may
have an adverse impact on our operations and our financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows. For additional information on the acquisition, see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P032]
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic
alliances or divestitures.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P033]
As part of our business strategy, we may merge with or acquire businesses and/or form joint ventures
and strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions, including
our acquisition of Spirit, and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to integrate the
operations of the acquired business, the performance of the underlying product and service portfolio,
and the performance of the management team and other personnel of the acquired operations.
Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues,
legacy liabilities, cybersecurity issues or vulnerabilities, transaction-related charges, amortization of
expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees, partner
performance and indemnifications. Consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our reported
results of operations or financial position. We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time.
These transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as
through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Nonperformance by
those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment
obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs.

[PDF_PAGE 21 | PRINTED_PAGE 13]
[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P034]
Risks Related to Our Contracts

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P035]
We conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which
are subject to unique risks.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P036]
In 2024, 42% of our revenues were earned pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which include
Foreign Military Sales (FMS) through the U.S. government. Business conducted pursuant to such
contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations and other unique risks.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P037]
Our sales to the U.S. government are subject to extensive procurement regulations, and changes to
those regulations could increase our costs. New procurement regulations or climate or cyber-related
contractual disclosures, or changes to existing requirements, could increase our compliance costs or
otherwise have a material impact on the operating margins of our BDS and BGS businesses. These
requirements may also result in withheld payments and/or reduced future business if we fail to comply.
For example, proposals to raise domestic content thresholds for our U.S. government contracts could
have negative impacts on our business. Compliance costs attributable to current and potential future
procurement regulations such as these could negatively impact our financial position, results of
operations and/or cash flows.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P038]
The U.S. government may modify, curtail or terminate one or more of our contracts. The U.S.
government contracting party may modify, curtail or terminate its contracts and subcontracts with us,
without prior notice and either at its convenience or for default based on performance. In addition,
funding pursuant to our U.S. government contracts may be reduced or withheld as part of the U.S.
Congressional appropriations process due to changes in U.S. national security strategy and/or
priorities, fiscal constraints, including enforceable spending caps, a sequester or a lack of funding
available to pay incurred obligations, or for other reasons. Further uncertainty with respect to ongoing
programs could result in the U.S. government financing its operations through temporary funding
measures such as “Continuing Resolutions” rather than full-year appropriations. Any loss or anticipated
loss or reduction of expected funding and/or modification, curtailment or termination of one or more
large programs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/
or cash flows.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P039]
We are subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that
we determine are reimbursable under U.S. government contracts. U.S. government agencies, including
the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency, routinely audit
government contractors. These agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure and
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our
compliance with our internal control systems and policies. Any costs found to be misclassified or
inaccurately allocated to a specific contract will be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already
reimbursed, must be refunded. Any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholds
on billed receivables, penalties and reduced future business. Furthermore, if any audit, inquiry or
investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties
and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of
payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government. We also
could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such
allegations are later determined to be false.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P040]
We enter into fixed-price contracts, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns.

[PARAGRAPH BA-FY24-P041]
Our BDS and BGS defense businesses generated approximately 54% and 63% of their 2024 revenues
from fixed-price contracts. Fixed-price development contracts subject us to the risk of reduced margins
or incurring losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs and revenues. If our estimated costs
exceed our estimated price, we recognize reach-forward losses which can significantly affect our
reported results. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2024, BDS recorded $5.0 billion of
